# Welcome to my chatbot model!
It has several layers and parts to it each in its own file.

The model relies on [Pytorch](https://pytorch.org/), [SpaCy english](https://spacy.io/models/en),
and [Pyttsx3](https://pypi.org/project/pyttsx3/) which is used for text to speech.

A preprocessed dataset can be found in the directory data/


### SRC FILES
    * batch.py    -   creates batches for the training data set
    * beam.py     -   outputs the sentence by searching for highest probabilities of words generated by the model to create a sentence.
    * Embed.py    -   creates input embeddings and positional encoding vectors for the inputs the pass to the model.
    * Layers.py   -   creates the encoder and decoder layers which will be layered on top of each other to form the encoder and decoder and transformer.
    * Models.py   -   creates copies of the encoder/decoder layers and makes the encoder and decoder and transformer
    * Process.py  -   processes the data into usable data and loads weights if needed.
    * runchatbot.py-  runs the chatbot. same as project.py.
    * sublayers.py-   creates sublayers such as multiheaded attention and feed forward.
    * tokenize.py -   tokenizes data.
    * train.py    -   trains model.  has arguments need:
                      * **REQUIRED**: -src_data, -trg_data
                      * *OPTIONAL*:  -epochs, -load_weights
                      * *OTHER ARGUMENTS*: there are other arguments but they are not needed to train the model and only useful for finetuning/experimenting.
    
    
